Hey, okay, okay.
Can you please stop talking nonsense?
Now this Wang Qianju has been solved by me.
My business has stabilized within a week
I promise you.
From now on
I won't let you get hurt again
Okay? Hmm?
Are you the owner of this restaurant?
I am the owner of this hotel
Are you looking for me?
I want to rent your restaurant
How about you?
Hahaha, son.
Just kidding
My restaurant is doing well
At least 2,000 taels per month
No, why?
Then I'll give you 2,000 taels of rent every month
how
2,000 taels a month.
Just want to rent me this wine
That's right.
I will rent your restaurant in the future
Young man, you seem like a rich boy
Just this money
It can't be taken out casually.
It's not whether you do it or not
You really are not playing with me, as long as you nod your head and agree.
Let's sign and bet
From now on, you will receive 2,000 taels from me every month
Interview, this is what you said?
No regrets
I'll tell you what.
If you can't come up with the money
I'm not renting it to you.
OK, OK, OK. Got it.
OK
There's something I have to tell you.
Our state government is not easy to serve
If you want to open a store safely
You'd better go to the pier first